README.md, before:

# Islandora Tokens (islandora_tokens)
Implement additional tokens for Islandora 8 repository items and media.

CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Introduction
 * Requirements
 * Installation
 * Configuration
 * Maintainers


INTRODUCTION
------------

An initial candidate module for implementing tokens for use with Metatag and
similar modules.


REQUIREMENTS
------------

No special requirements


INSTALLATION
------------

 * Install as usual, see
   https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/extending-drupal-8/installing-contributed-modules-find-import-enable-configure-drupal-8 for further information.

CONFIGURATION
-------------

No specific configuration is necessary. When enabled, Islandora-specific tokens
will be available wherever tokens are used.

 * When used in conjunction with Metatag module, tokens such as
   [node:media_thumbnail_image:url] can be used for metatags like twitter:image.


MAINTAINERS
-----------

Current maintainers:
 * Jonathan Hunt (jonathan_hunt) - http://drupal.org/user/28976

This project has been sponsored by:
 * Catalyst IT, https://www.drupal.org/catalyst-it

Commit message:

Update to 8.x-1.0-beta3: D9 compatibility and suggest use Islandora 2.x instead

README.md, after:

# Islandora Tokens (islandora_tokens)
Implement additional tokens for Islandora 8 repository items and media.

CONTENTS OF THIS FILE
---------------------

 * Introduction
 * Requirements
 * Installation
 * Configuration
 * Maintainers


INTRODUCTION
------------

Do not use this module; you can now use the tokens available via Islandora 2.x instead.

This module will be deprecated and eventually removed.

An initial candidate module for implementing tokens for use with Metatag and
similar modules.


REQUIREMENTS
------------

No special requirements


INSTALLATION
------------

 * Install as usual, see
   https://www.drupal.org/docs/8/extending-drupal-8/installing-contributed-modules-find-import-enable-configure-drupal-8 for further information.

CONFIGURATION
-------------

No specific configuration is necessary. When enabled, Islandora-specific tokens
will be available wherever tokens are used.

 * When used in conjunction with Metatag module, tokens such as
   [node:media_thumbnail_image:url] can be used for metatags like twitter:image.


MAINTAINERS
-----------

Current maintainers:
 * Jonathan Hunt (jonathan_hunt) - http://drupal.org/user/28976

This project has been sponsored by:
 * Catalyst IT, https://www.drupal.org/catalyst-it
